
All of the context below is aimed towards the primary assessment scenario on the EMT side of Simtura. 
The questions are fine and simple since this scenario is supposed to teach the primary assessment but could you make the question answers a little bit more alike/hard to differentiate which one is the right answer because right now it’s painfully obvious and that doesn’t help teaching.

Other issues:
In the video for step 2, all of the female soccer players magically spawn in. Just make them visible at the beginning and approach them like you kind of did. 
There is an issue with character continuity for step 2 and 3 where originally all of the girls were in white shirt with blue shorts but in the next video they are yellow shirt white shorts. Later on in the scenario you actually did an incredible job with character continuity, please have step 2 and 3 emulate the characters shown in the later parts of the video. 
Step 4 is awesome, almost perfect. Please change literally nothing except the fact that she says “Sarah” twice. Other than perfect!
Step 5 perfect!
Step 6: You do not need to have a video of the EMT touching her neck, just have him say ““The patient did fall but it wasn’t significant so probably would not use spinal precautions here.”
Step 7: The Emt is touching the patient’s breasts at the same time and this isn’t really an assessment we would do in this case so could probably remove.
Step 8: Patient says “I think I twisted it again, the pain is sharp behind the kneecap” but I’m not sure where you got that from since she never injured her knee she was hit in the ribs and is having trouble breathing. 
Step 9: says she hit her chin which is not part of the script I gave you, also she and the emt switched to a scottish accent for no reason. Keep accent continuity. Instead of this video, take her pulse ox (I know this video will be hard to emulate but try your absolute hardest to rid of hallucinations this is a very important step. 
Step 10: good 
Step 11: good but no blanketing necessary
Step 12: good
